if something as simple as walking hurts
your feet you've got a problem and the
easiest way to strengthen your feet is
to spend more time Barefoot and that
definitely works indoors but walking
outside with naked feet isn't always the
best option just like how my fingers
spread when I hold a handstand your toes
do the same thing too which is why the
best things besides being Barefoot is to
wear shoes with toe separation that are
completely flat and it mimics being
Barefoot and as you can see my feet can
still be feet while being fully covered
and in my opinion fashionable I get it
if you think these shoes look ugly but
that's probably because big shoe
companies have been lying to you about
what looks good and what your feet needs
since who knows how long if you wore
these your whole life your hands would
be stiff too I obviously don't want that
happening to my fingers or my toes which
is why you can use code stay flexi for
an additional 15% off at checkout stay
flexy